---
title: HPC Internship at Corning
authors: [Yue Yu]
tags: [job]
---

Scientific Computing Group, Corning Inc.


We are seeking an intern who is interested in gaining hands-on experience in the HPC domain. The scientific software stack on these machines are highly complex and need to be tuned for the bespoke hardware. The internship provides an opportunity to work alongside HPC Application Specialists in developing and deploying a custom Corning benchmark suite. Additionally, the intern will also work towards data aggregation and visualization, to generate key insights from the testing framework.

The internship will take place in-person at Corning’s Research and Development Facility in Painted Post, New York. The internship will take place in-person for 10 weeks May – August 2026

Location: Corning, NY

This is a paid internship

Key Responsibilities

Set up ReFrame to enable easy deployment and automation of benchmarks. 
Communicate with cluster users to identify their workloads and obtain representative jobs
Configure running benchmarks on a regular schedule on all cluster nodes using existing Spack package manager
Set up a database to store the results and a dashboard to provide easy access and visualization of these runs
Write useful documentation for internal use as well as for users
Demonstrate the deployed capability to the team and the user community
Required Education/Experience

Must be a student enrolled in an accredited undergraduate or graduate degree program
Students enrolled in computer science, mathematics, physics, engineering or related disciplines
Familiarity with Linux command line interface
Python programming skills
Basic SQL knowledge
Desired skills

Some experience in HPC and cluster computing topics such as MPI, Slurm
Version control through Git and GitLab
Grafana or any other metric visualization platform
Benchmarking HPC systems
Related Skills & Other Requirements

Must enjoy working in a research-driven environment
Desire to document code and process, deliberative decision-making.
Strong oral and written communication
Excellent collaborative and interpersonal skills
Program Perks

Competitive salaries
Real world experience with HPC
Required Application Material

Resume or CV
Cover letter indicating your interest in the position, and any prior relevant experience.
Application Deadline

Applications must be emailed by February 28, 2026 to maddumagph@corning.com
 



<!-- truncate -->
