---
title: Co-Director, CSC, Head of Computation Strategies
authors: [Yue Yu]
tags: [job]
---
The Center for Scientific Computing (CSC) at UC Santa Barbara is seeking a Co-Director to serve as Head of Computation Strategies. The Co-Director acts as a systems administrator for the CSC clusters, assists in writing grants to replace/upgrade HPC resources, organizes quarterly instructional workshops and occasional conferences on HPC topics and research computing, and ensures CSC compliance with applicable federal, state, and campus regulations.

<!-- truncate -->

The Center for Scientific Computing (CSC) is housed within CNSI and managed jointly by CNSI and the Materials Research Lab (MRL). CSC provides High Performance Computing (HPC; both hardware and technical expertise) to the UCSB research community in both campus available, and dedicated 'condo' clusters. The Co-Director acts as a systems administrator for the CSC clusters, assists in the writing of grants to replace/upgrade HPC resources, organizes quarterly instructional workshops and occasional conferences on HPC topics and research computing, and is responsible for assuring CSC compliance with applicable federal, state and campus regulations, policies and procedures. As one of the few high-level research computing professionals on the UCSB campus, the Co-Director participates in campus-wide IT governance, through service on various standing and ad hoc committees. The Co-Director oversees a secondary system administrator and a user-support specialist.

A reasonable estimate that the University expects to pay this position at 100% time is \$120,000 to \$165,000.

See the complete job description and apply at https://recruit.ap.ucsb.edu/JPF03110. The University of California is an Equal Opportunity Employer.
