---
title: University of Buffalo Director of Research Security
authors: [Yue Yu]
tags: [job]
---
The University at Buffalo’s Sr. Vice President for Research, Innovation and Economic Development is establishing the university’s Office of Research Security and, in partnership with the office of the Chief Information Officer, is developing a comprehensive Research Security Program.

The Sr. VP for Research, Innovation and Economic Development is hiring a Director of Research Security who will develop and lead UB’s strategy for protecting sensitive research data, overseeing policy, compliance, and risk management. They will work with leadership, faculty and staff to balance data access with robust security and ethical guidelines.

The ideal candidate is a collaborative, strategic leader who will engage directly with our research community to reinforce standard practices, bridge organizational silos, and champion a culture of secure, compliant, and risk-aware research innovation. This position reflects UB’s commitment to integrating cybersecurity, research administration, and compliance culture under a unified, researcher-centric vision.

Overview
Lead the development, management, promotion, and oversight of UB’s comprehensive Research Security Program.
Serve as Director of the Office of Research Security, reporting to the Sr. Associate Vice President for Research (SAVPR).
Coordinate with key leadership within VPRED, within the Office of the CIO, and with Research Foundation for SUNY (RF) on all matters relating to foreign influences, export controls, conflicts of interest/commitment, data security, and controlled unclassified information (CUI).
Lead compliance efforts, in connection with the Office of the CIO, as it relates to research needs and regulatory requirements.
Provide supervision and mentoring for staff. Identify training opportunities to promote development of staff skills.
Hire team to staff the Office of Research Security to provide comprehensive services to UB’s research community.
 
Additional posting details and application information can be found here:  https://www.ubjobs.buffalo.edu/postings/60709


<!-- truncate -->
