---
slug: long-blog-post
title: MINICOURSE-Quantum Computing no prereqs ZOOM Apr 3/10/17/24
authors: [Yue Yu]
sidebar_position: 2
tags: [course]
---

Forwarding from Dr. Soumya Bhattacharya (bhattacharya@ou.edu)
of the University of Oklahoma.

Please reply directly to him, and please feel free to
forward to anyone who may be interested and appropriate.


> Minicourse: Quantum Computing [in plain English for non-physicists]
Thursdays Apr 3/10/17/24 2025 on ZOOM ONLY
11:00am-12:30pmET/10:00-11:30amCT/9:00-10:30amMT/8:00-9:30amPT
Cost: $50 per person for all 4 sessions
Contact: Dr. Soumya Bhattacharya (bhattacharya@ou.edu)
Registration: https://ou.edu/pacs/olli

DETAILS:

Dr. Soumya Bhattacharya will be teaching a course on
Quantum Computing this semester (Spring 2025).
Details are below.

The course is for general audiences *WITHOUT* any background
in Physics, Mathematics, or Quantum theory.

The course will be held on Zoom and is open to anyone in the USA.

With the rapid advancement and popularity of quantum computing,
I think it's the perfect time to discuss this technology.

Schedule: Thursdays Apr 3/10/17/24 2025 10-11:30 am CDT,
Online/Zoom ONLY

Registration ($50/person for all 4 sessions):
https://ou.edu/pacs/olli

[The attached PDF shows the steps to register.]
<iframe src="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1JRHgPZrnJpUt3qRTeTgGkZjpdV7G0zHj/preview" width="940" height="580" allow="autoplay"></iframe>

Prerequisites: *NO* prior knowledge of physics, mathematics,
or coding -- intended for the general audience in plain English

No credit, no homework, no exams, and no grading -- focused on
conversation about some key ideas and applications of
quantum computing

Course Description:

If you enjoy discussing new scientific advancements
without the technical jargon and subject matter expertise,
this is the course for you.

In this quantum computing course, we will discuss:

Session 1: What is quantum computing? How is it different from
classical computing? and What kind of problems are suitable
for quantum computers?

Session 2: How to use quantum computers to solve real-world
complex problems with a simple example (high-level overview)?

Session 3: Current limitations with quantum computers and
mitigation techniques to overcome such near-term limitations.

Session 4: Current trends in research and industries.
Recapping key concepts. Resources for future exploration.

